### Final Project Proposal for Lucy and Chunxiao

### Project description

The project is going to have two parts: a box with mounted grid-touchpads and laptop screen display preferably projected onto a (screen on a ) wall. There are going to be 16 touchpad buttons mounted onto one side of the box. Underneath each touchpad grid there’s going to be a push button and an led. The projected display will show a user interface to start a quick response game. Multiple buttons will be lit randomly and the user will have to click the lit buttons within a given time. Points will be given for valid clicks. If the user can reach a certain point threshold within a certain number of mistakes, he or she wins the game and gains access to a hidden mode

Hidden mode:  when the palyer wins the game, the mounted grid-touchpads light up in different colors. The winner gets to select a maximum of 5 colors by pressing the touchpads with corresponding colors. This adds onto a particle-system drawing where each of the colored grid touchpad they press input a single particle of a corresponding color onto the canvas. To put it more simply, it’s a ‘hall of fame’ but in a more abstract way. In the end, there will be an artwork where all the winners’ inputs are presented as one.
Rough sketch of the entire project (including equipment and any other requirements such as enclosures, frames, things that are moved, driven, thrown or launched). This is to give us an idea of the space and location requirements

### List of parts that are not in our kit

1. A box enclosure (made of translucent acrylic)

2. Additional push buttons 

3. Additional LEDs with as many colors as possible 

4. Frame to separate led lights 

5. Arduino board with additional ports (at least 32 ports for 16-button touch pad)

### Description of the Arduino program 

The Arduino program will receive signal from processing and light up different LEDs according to the signal.

The Arduino program will send different signals to processing according to which push buttons are pressed.

### Description of the Processing program 

The Processing program will generate a user interface to start game & keep track of score, time limit and lives.

It will also give instructions for the two modes ( game mode and artistic/hidden mode).

It will randomly generate a sequence of signals to send to Arduino and light up corresponding LEDs. When receive signals from Arduino generated by button pressings, the program will check if the received signals match the latest signals sent and update score accordingly.

If the score goes above a certain threshold within some time, the program will switch to artistic mode with instruction of the mode.

For the artistic mode, it will generate particle structures according to buttons the users press. Each user is restricted to press a maximum of  5 buttons. The input from the users will be stored on canvas so that other users can add onto the drawing.

### Things you need to learn that you don’t yet know

1. How to generate particle-systems

### Areas of greatest concern

1. If the pressing of the buttons will be detected and responded fast enough for the game to function as proposed (possible delay of communication between Arduino and Processing).

2. If this game doesn’t work out, we might need to switch to some other games.

3. Construction of the box.



